Generate package.json files from regular zinit calls (#2)
zdharma-continuum/zinit-packages: README.md

https://zdharma-continuum.github.io/zinit/wiki/Zinit-Packages/

# Developers!

## 🆕 Creating new packages

To create a new package named `foo`:

```zsh
./gen-pkg.sh create foo
```

This will create a directory named `foo` which contains:

- `default.ices.zsh`: Your source file where you can define your zinit

> ices and will later be used for genereting `package.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ices and will later be used for generating `package.json`
```

> - `package.json`: this is what `zinit pack` actually consumes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `package.json`: The file that `zinit pack` actually consumes
```
